Open Inventor and set the active project that corresponds to your current
project.

All projects that are done in Inventor should have a project file generated for
them prior to creating any parts, assemblies, etc. This is done to ensure a
proper file organization. Each project file should be generated in a new folder
that pertains to the current project.

Open the assembly that requires the "Pack and Go". This should be located in
the same folder that the project file was generated in.

To perform the Pack and Go operation move your cursor over the main Inventor
button in the upper left hand corner of the screen and scroll down to "Save
As". Expand that button and select the Pack and Go button.

.. image:: media/images/packandgo-saveas.png

In the Pack and Go dialog window ensure that the destination folder is set to
the folder that contains your project file and the main assembly that you are
performing the Pack and Go on.

.. image:: media/images/packandgo-window.png

When using pack and go, please select the following under options: "Copy to
Single Path", "Model Files Only", "Skip Styles", and "Skip Templates" This gets
rid of A LOT of extra files that make the files really large.

.. image:: media/images/packandgo-options.png

Select the "Search Now" button to locate all of the files connected to the
active project file and that are associated with your assembly.

Press the now active "Start" button at the bottom of the window.

Now compress the folder that was selected as the "Destination Folder" during
the Pack and Go operation. If you have other non-Inventor files such as
documents, images, etc. then include these files in the folder before
compressing.

For windows 7 users right click on the folder and select “Add to Archive” to
start the compression. In the window that pops-up leave the format at .RAR and
then click "OK".

.. image:: media/images/packandgo-add-to-archive.png

.. image:: media/images/packandgo-archive.png

If this is being done in the EACS lab (1116 Academic Surge) you can right click
on the folder and select "7-zip" and then "Add to Archive". Set the format to
zip and then press "OK".

.. image:: media/images/packandgo-7zip.jpg

.. image:: media/images/packandgo-7zip-window.jpg

Attach the compressed folder to your SmartSite assignment by the appropriate
deadline.
